Write a summary of the following text delimited by the tripe quotes.
Make sure your summary includes key information, people's names, important quotes, the overall sentiment and is in an order similar to that of the text.
The output summary should be between 400 - 1000 words in length with a longer and more detailed summary being preferred.

"""Eric Metaxas opened his talk on Socrates in the City with his amazement at the large crowd, his joy to organize this event in Houston and his 26 year long marriage with his current wife. He then introduced his guest speaker, Dr. James Tour, who is a nanoscientist. Dr. Tour and Metaxas discussed the big questions in life, like how life began. Dr. Tour has been too busy doing actual science to write a book about it, so Metaxas wrote the book, Atheism Dead, which includes information about Dr. Tour's research.

In this conversation, George Gilder and James Tour, TT and W F Choo professor of Chemistry at Rice University, discuss Tour's work in nanoscience. Gilder refers to Tour as a modern day Isaac Newton, leading a scientific revolution that could defeat deadly viruses and diseases, replace existing electrical wires with fabrics a million times as conductive, revolutionize building materials, and more. Tour explains his work in nanoscience, wherein he is able to make molecules that function like cars, with four wheels, axles, and a motor that is activated by light. Tour also talks about graphene, a single atomic sheet of graphite which can be used to strengthen other materials, reducing the need for 30% of concrete and 8% of all Co2 emissions worldwide.

Dr. Tour and Elizabeth Blakemore, along with Mitch Glazer and Chosen People Ministry, discussed the development of graphene nanoribbons, which can act as an armature over which nerves can regrow. In lab conditions, these ribbons have been used to heal a rat whose spinal cord was severed, and there is also potential for the technology to heal human spinal cord injuries and help with optic nerve detachments. Despite the incredible potential, graphene nanoribbons are still in development and have yet to be used for human treatments.

Dr. James Tour discusses the 1952 Miller-Urey experiment which aimed to produce single-celled life from non-living matter, but the complexity of the task has become much greater in the 70 years since, despite the immense effort devoted to the aim. Dr. Tour claims that the overall goal of creating single-celled life hasn't moved closer in the 70 years, instead the goalposts have receded as the team learns more complex details about what it takes to construct the simplest life. He also criticises the research community for claiming that they've figured out life when they don't even know how to make the basic chemicals needed.

Steve Benner, a prominent researcher in the origin of life field, challenges the current scientific consensus that life can emerge from random elements in the universe. Benner finds it humorous that the experts in the field still have no definition of what life is or how it can be created. He finds that when scientists are asked to recreate a cell, they avoid the question and just stare at him. Benner has encountered major push back from other experts in the field as he exposes their lack of understanding and progress in creating life. He points to the fact that most people wrongly believe that scientists have created bacteria and other creatures in the lab.

A survey found that one third of people, including those with college degrees, falsely think that scientists have been able to create living creatures like frogs in the laboratory. Clement Reichert in Germany, and other researchers, have argued that although technology has advanced in recent decades, scientists are still far from understanding the full complexities of how life emerged four billion years ago. Other researchers have argued that powerful interest groups and people who hold the purse strings are more influential than evidence and logic in the scientific community. The author of this discussion began research into this topic in 2001 when they received a statement from the Discovery Institute.

Dr. Jim Tour recounts how he agreed to a statement from the Discovery Institute with the sentiment that further research was warranted, and then had his name added to a list of 700 scientists used in the Dover trials. His colleagues then tried to punish him for signing the statement, which ignited Dr. Tour to start researching and talking about origin of life on YouTube to reach the masses. He also recounts being approached by two federal agents who told him that he was not going to be funded anymore. Despite being met with resistance, he pushes forward in his research, encouraged by the thought that if he didn't do it, who would?

Dr. James Tour is making videos and lectures about the origin of life on YouTube and discussing the difficulty of explaining the emergence of life and how so-called \"experts\" are unable to explain it with science. He is also exposing how opponents are using lies to make him look wrong. Tour uses this as an opportunity to reclaim the truth and bring it to the public through his lectures and his book. He believes that this is an extremely important topic and that the world needs to know the truth. Ultimately, Tour believes that this is a big deal and that it needs to be explored further.

Socrates and many other viewers thank Dr. James Tour for his Youtube videos as he provides them with useful information."""
SUMMARY:
